[CAS-1082] Docs - review docs for global theming (#1993)
GetStream/stream-chat-android: docusaurus/docs/Android/04-guides/04-theming.md

# Theming

Many parts of the UI components can be changed and customized. It is possible to change colors, fonts, sizes and many other aspects of the `Views` to match a desired look. It is possible to change:

> - Font fammily

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Font family
```

- Text color
- Background of view and internal views. (ex: Message inside MessageListView) 
- Enable and disable features.
- Text style (italic, bold, normal)
- Drawable of icons
- Stroke width some views.
- Divider color of views.
- Text of views.

It is not possible to change the tint of icons, it is necessary to change the Drawable if a different color is desired.

> Views can be customized by two ways: `TransformStyle` object or by the attributes of the View in the XML, as described in the next section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Views can be customized in two ways: `TransformStyle` object or by the attributes of the View in the XML, as described in the next section.
```

## Global Styling

Styles can be configured programmatically by overriding the corresponding `StyleTransformer` from the `TransformStyle` object.

:::caution
This doesn't apply the changes instantly, the view must be recreated for the changes to take effect.
:::

:::caution

> Please keep in mind that using will `TransformStyle` overrides the configurations made using the attributes of the class. Don't use both ways are the same time as only `TransformStyle` will be applied.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please keep in mind that `TransformStyle` overrides the configurations made using the attributes of the class. Don't use both ways are the same time as only `TransformStyle` will be applied.
```

Reviewer: or just remove the 1st "will"

:::

> You can use `TransformStyle` to change many aspects of MessageListView

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use `TransformStyle` to change multiple appearance characteristics of the `MessageListView`.
```

# Theming

> Many parts of the UI components can be changed and customized. It is possible to change colors, fonts, sizes and many other aspects of the `Views` to match a desired look. 

Reviewer 2: It would be great to expand this description. Maybe we can write that currently views can be customized either by attributes or programmatically by TransformStyle class and then describe all the things that suppose to be customizable and which are not. For example - we don't support changing drawables tint but we do support changing drawables.

## Global Styling

> If you want to customize view styles programmatically you can override the corresponding `StyleTransformer` in the `TransformStyle` class.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Styles can be configured programmatically by overriding the corresponding `StyleTransformer` from the `TransformStyle` object.
```

Reviewer 2: Also, it would be nice to explain that it overrides configuration from attributes

Here are some examples of styling you can perform here:

> **Change avatar image style:**

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure if it makes sense to list all possible transformers. I would keep only one or two (most important), add a link to the `TransformStyle` object and instead - show how it works in practice. For example:
1. Show `ChannelListView` XML with custom attributes
2. Show applied `TransformStyle`
3. Show the result
What do you think?

Author: Makes sense
